---
id: search-function
title: 'Search for Not Accessible reports/files using Smart Search'
sidebar_label: 
---

Smart Search enables the user to search all BI platforms (agents)
registered with BI Hub and identify reports that are not accessible by
the user and display those reports in the NOT ACCESSIBLE Tab of the
landing page. When the user clicks on Not Accessible tab, all the
reports, files not accessible to the user are displayed. User can then
restrict the list by using the list of agents and/or report count on the
Smart Search pane and/or using an appropriate search phrase in the
Search Reports box. The Smart Search pane is only accessible from the
Not Accessible tab.

BI Hub administrator has the capability to control the availability of
Smart Search feature for users. He/she can turn off Smart Search feature
for an agent or set of agents. For example, if the administrator has
turned off the Smart Search feature for SSRS platform, SSRS will not
appear in the list of agents in the Smart Search pane. This On/Off
toggle is available to the administrator in the Agent and User level.
So, if the user doesn't find an agent listed in the Smart Search pane,
the user can contact BI Hub administrator to check on the toggle
status. As it can be guessed if the administrator has turned off Smart
Search for all agents, then the Smart Search pane will show only the
Report Count and NOT show any agents

The reports shown in the NOT ACCESSIBLE tab are the reports which cannot
be accessed by the user running the search but accessible by other BI Hub
users. In other words, before a user launches Not Accessible, BI Hub 
administrator should have run Sync Users and Sync Reports at least
once so that Smart Search can determine the list of reports not
accessible to this user.

How to search for Not Accessible reports/files
==============================================

When the user clicks the 'NOT ACCESSIBLE' tab the My Folders pane
transitions over to Smart Search pane and all the reports and the files
which are not accessible to the user are listed. This result set can
further be filtered by performing the following activities.

-   Select only the appropriate agent in the Smart Search pane.
-   Enter an appropriate search string in the 'Search Reports' box
    adjacent to the Platforms/Folders drop down.
-   Report Count -- This is used to restrict the number of reports that
    will displayed as search result. For example, if the result is
    expected to be above 1000 reports this counter ensures that only the
    specified number can be displayed. Users can view the results by
    Agents / Hub Folders and request access as described in the next
    section.

![Smart Search](_static/nonaccessreport.png){.align-center
width="350px"}

Request access for Not accessible reports/files
===============================================

User can verify the result set and select reports by clicking on the +
sign on the right-side bottom of the report or on the folder level or
agent level to select reports/files. The + sign will change into a tick
and the selected reports/files list appears at the bottom of the page.
The example below shows a User using the phrase Sales in to search for
those reports. Smart Search returns 1 PowerBI and 1 SpotFire reports
with the word Sales and the user selects all of them and requests the
administrator to grant access.

![Request Access](_static/requestaccess.png){.align-center}

After the desired reports are selected, user can verify the list, make
last minute changes by removing reports from the list and click on
Request button. BI Hub sends an email to the administrator of the BI
platform (agent) as indicated in the BI Hub admin module agent
definition page and copies the user who raised this request. After BI
platform administrator grants access to this BI Hub user, BI Hub
administrator can login into BI Hub, launch Agent manager, select the
relevant BI platform(s) and perform a Sync Reports operation. This will
make the report accessible to the user. Detailed instructions on how to
perform this synchronization activity are available to the administrator
in BI Hub Admin Guide.
